Update broken links, eml schema section, refs to Dom & Jesse (#118)
NCEAS/datateam-training: workflows/explore_eml/understand_eml_schema.Rmd

## Understand the EML schema

> Another great resource for navigating the EML structure is looking at the [schema](https://eml.ecoinformatics.org/schema/) which defines the structure. The schema diagrams on this page are interactive. Additional information on the schema and how different elements (or "slots") are defined can be found [here](https://knb.ecoinformatics.org/#external//emlparser/docs/eml-2.1.1/index.html)). Further explanations of the symbology can be found [here](https://manual.altova.com/xmlspy/spyenterprise/index.html?xseditingviews_schv_cmview_objects.htm). The schema is complicated and may take some time to get familiar with before you will be able to fully understand it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another great resource for navigating the EML structure is looking at the [schema](https://eml.ecoinformatics.org/schema/) which defines the structure. The schema diagrams on this page are interactive. Further explanations of the symbology can be found [here](https://www.oxygenxml.com/doc/versions/22.0/ug-editor/topics/relax-ng-schema-diagram-symbols.html?hl=symbols). The schema is complicated and may take some time to get familiar with before you will be able to fully understand it.
```
